Add 3 required configs for FreedomChat, Fix typos. (#49)
Fabulously-Optimized/wiki: en-us/server-setup.md

* If you're using Realms, everyone is monitored by Mojang and has chat messages signed. FO users will see ![red ⚠️ with two exclamation marks](https://i.ibb.co/WcVggrL/chat-status-icons-extended.png) on the bottom right corner of the chat box.

#### How to protect your users

- **All 1.18- backend servers**: no changes necessary, chat reporting doesn't exist.
- **All 1.19+ backend servers**: set `enforce-secure-profile` to `false` in _server.properties_
  - This doesn't disable chat reporting by itself, but allows users to join without requiring them to sign their messages, to protect their privacy,
  - If no other measures are taken alongside this, _vanilla clients_ will see a warning toast in the top right corner and they will still sign the messages. That means anyone can report them, but they cannot report FO users. To avoid those problems, use one of the plugins/mods below.
- **Velocity**: set `force-key-authentication` to `false` in _velocity.toml_
  - Same comments apply as for "all servers" above.
- **BungeeCord/Waterfall**: set `enforce_secure_profile` to `false` in _config.yml_
  - Same comments apply as for "all servers" above.

> - **Spigot/Paper/Pufferfish/Purpur**: install the [FreedomChat](https://modrinth.com/mod/freedomchat) plugin and ensure `rewrite-chat`, `claim-secure-chat-enforced` and `send-prevents-chat-reports-to-client` are all set to `true` inside the FreedomChat's config folder for best effects.

Reviewer: paper first
also can you link me the config wiki, last I checked there was no config at all

Author: Same as above, Spigot has existed first before paper, pufferfish and purpur respectively aswell.

> - **Spigot/Paper/Pufferfish/Purpur**: install the [FreedomChat](https://modrinth.com/mod/freedomchat) plugin and ensure `rewrite-chat`, `claim-secure-chat-enforced` and `send-prevents-chat-reports-to-client` are all set to `true` inside the FreedomChat's config folder for best effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spigot/Paper/Pufferfish/Purpur**: install the [FreedomChat](https://modrinth.com/mod/freedomchat) plugin and ensure `rewrite-chat`, `claim-secure-chat-enforced` and `send-prevents-chat-reports-to-client` are all set to `true` inside the FreedomChat's config folder. FO users will get a ![green ✅](https://i.ibb.co/LPXNKRM/green.png) icon near chat.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, `the FreedomChat's config folder`?

> - **Spigot/Paper/Pufferfish/Purpur**: install the [FreedomChat](https://modrinth.com/mod/freedomchat) plugin and ensure `rewrite-chat`, `claim-secure-chat-enforced` and `send-prevents-chat-reports-to-client` are all set to `true` inside the FreedomChat's config folder. FO users will get a ![green ✅](https://i.ibb.co/LPXNKRM/green.png) icon near chat.

Reviewer: Why did spigot get to be first again

Author: > Why did spigot get to be first again

https://github.com/Fabulously-Optimized/wiki/pull/49#discussion_r999743713

Reviewer 2: > Same as above, Spigot has existed first before paper, pufferfish and purpur respectively aswell.
>
> As for the freedomchat config's wiki, [right here.](https://github.com/e-im/FreedomChat/blob/main/src/main/resources/config.yml)

> - **Forge/Fabric/Quilt**: install _one_ of the following plugins:

Reviewer: no
fabric first

Author: I sorted this in order as forge existed first before fabric and quilt did respectively.

Reviewer: your logic is correct, I'm just focused on what FO users are more likely to use/be in 😆

Reviewer 2: You could also sort them alphabetically, as in `Fabric/Forge/Quilt`, but honestly I think the current one is fine
